The Two Orphans by L.F.
Jeffers, lovely detective.
I never can forget those two orphans that love seems to dwell in their way.
Yes, these days when they were brought to the city, the lives of our dear ones to take.
The doors were open at seven, and the curtains were rolled up at eight.
And those that were seated were happy.
Outside they were mad that were late.
It's hard to you hear the dry fire.
How dismal those bells they do sound.
Tis Brooklyn's theater that's burning, the last burning down to the ground.
The mothers were weeping and crying for the sons who had been out all night.
They prayed that their souls would meet in heaven.
Among the innocent and bright.
Next morning among those black ruins.
Oh God, what a sight met our eyes.
They did, they were lying in all shape.
Some of them you could not recognize.
I never can forget those two orphans that left seem to dwell in their wings.
It seems they were brought to our city, the lives of our dear ones to take.